[do not merge]server 4.0 docs release branch (#7023)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/server/installation/migrate-from-server-3-to-server-4.adoc

---
version:
- Server v4.x
- Server Admin
---
= Migrate from server v3.x to v4.x
:page-layout: classic-docs
:page-liquid:
:page-description: Learn now to migrate from CircleCI server v3.x to v4.x.
:icons: font
:toc: macro
:toc-title:

> Migrating from server v3.x to v4.x is and _in-place_ migration. You will generate a helm-value file, which will be used in a helm command to upgrade the CircleCI server from v3.x to v4.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migrating from server v3.x to v4.x is an _in-place_ migration. You will generate a helm-value file, which will be used in a helm command to upgrade the CircleCI server from v3.x to v4.x.
```

> We recommend using a staging environment before completing this process in a production environment. This will allow you to gain a better understanding of the migration process, and give you an idea of how long the migration will take to complete.

Reviewer: This line doesn't take into consideration how long the workflows migration will take to run in a prod environment

Author: @ryanwohara do you think I need to add a note that they need to add on x amount of time for workflows migration, or shall I just remove that part and leave it at they will better understand the migration process?

Author: It's ok I think @soulchips has added info about this in another PR

* Export the KOTS config values into a YAML file.
* Modify the exported YAML file to be used with `helm` to migrate to server v4.x.
* Annotate all the kubernetes resources for `helm`.
* Execute postgres db `domain` migration.
* Execute cleanup steps which will delete all the KOTS related resources.
* Display output message with the next steps.

The kots-exporter script can also perform the following functions if required:

* Rerun the annotation step only (`-f annotate`)
* Run the kots-annotation cleanup job (`-f kots_cleanup`)
* Display the output message (`-f message`)
* Rerun the PostgreSQL database migration (`-f flyway`)

[#step-1-create-docker-secret-for-circleci-image-registry]
=== Step 1 - Create docker secret for CircleCI image registry
The migration script requires access to the CircleCI image registry to run the migration function. The image registry is also used in the server v4.x installation. Create the `docker-registry` secret in the same Kubernetes namespace in-which CircleCI server is installed. Image registry credentials will be provided by your CircleCI point of contact. 

> In a terminal run the following, substituting all values shown between `< >`:

Author: ```suggestion
In a terminal run the following, substituting all values indicated by `< >`:
```
